Apache CXF 3.0.0-milestone1 Release Notes

1. Overview

The 3.0.0 version of Apache CXF is a significant new version of CXF 
that provides several new features and enhancements.  

New features include: 
Full JAX-RS 2.0 support
New streaming based WS-Security implementation
Bean Validation 1.1
Much easier feature configuration options for JAX-WS
New CXF code generator frontend
Enhanced Reliable-Messaging 1.1 support

As part of the 3.0 refactoring, the runtime has been made smaller, 
many API’s have changed or where relocated, much duplicate 
functionality has been removed, etc…  Thus, 3.0 is not completely
compatible with CXF 2.x and some migration efforts may be required.

Users are encourage to review the migration guide at:
http://cxf.apache.org/docs/30-migration-guide.html
for further information and requirements for upgrading to 2.7.x.

In addition, this is a “milestone” release to allow users to test
the new functionality and offer more suggestions.  While the API’s
and such are close to final, some more changes may occur between now
and the final 3.0 release.


2. Installation Prerequisites 

Before installing Apache CXF, make sure the following products,
with the specified versions, are installed on your system:

    * Java 6 Development Kit
    * Apache Maven 3.x to build the samples


3.  Integrating CXF Into You Application

If you use Maven to build your application, you need merely add
appropriate dependencies. See the pom.xml files in the samples.

If you don't use Maven, you'll need to add one or more jars to your
classpath. The file lib/WHICH_JARS should help you decide which 
jars you need.

4. Building the Samples

Building the samples included in the binary distribution is easy. Change to
the samples directory and follow the build instructions in the README.txt file 
included with each sample.

5. Reporting Problems

If you have any problems or want to send feedback of any kind, please e-mail the
CXF dev list, dev@cxf.apache.org.  You can also file issues in JIRA at:

http://issues.apache.org/jira/browse/CXF

6. Migration notes:

See the migration guide at:
http://cxf.apache.org/docs/30-migration-guide.html
for caveats when upgrading from CXF 2.7.x to 3.0.0


